hey everyone how's it going I had to go
buy a new pair of boots my boots my
current boots that I'm wearing a North
Face just to where the where the rubber
goes around the boot it goes all the way
around which was a great design but you
know right kind of where the boot bends
it cracked and I couldn't fix it and
it's kind of disappointing actually I
got some more stuff to try to fix it but
it's it's just an appoint on the boot
where there's a lot of wear and it I
don't know if it is fixable but in the
current conditions we have right now
it's extremely wet out there it's a lot
of muck and mud water or hiking through
so I don't got a new pair of boots
these are Keens in probably tell by the
toe design it's pretty distinctive these
are the target to mids I'm just going to
put one other way here so they're both
the same ones right ones left so it's
kind of what they look like so it's got
this nice big loop on the back for
pulling it on I found that was one thing
that other boots have had before lacked
we'll see if that lasts it's kind of an
external wrapping which is different I'm
not
it wasn't sure if I was totally sold on
that or not but we'll see the reason get
on and off easy to lace up is kind of
the tread pattern it's not super
aggressive but you know there's lots of
lots of stuff here to give me some
traction at least as far as you know
three seasons spring spring summer and
fall
we'll see about I doubt I'll wear these
in the winter when there's a lot of snow
nice
as it sits there there are 18 ounces the
pair of these boots are 510 grams which
is not super light but I tried a few
other pairs on and this seemed to give
the most stability it'll be the other
ones the the tread see or the sole of it
seem to be you know fairly loose and
it'd be good for light trail hiking but
I'm not sure for the kind of trails I go
on from time to time so I wanted more
flexibility they're supposed to be
waterproof we'll see I've never had
every boot I bought that said it was
waterproof never has been you know
they're only waterproof to to a point it
says on the website they run about a
half size small I didn't find that to be
the case for me I usually buy my boots
about a half size bigger than I feel I
should because I usually wear a thick
sock and you know to allow for foot
swell and all that so I normally take
about a ten and a half these are an 11
it's got the Keen dry waterproof
breathable membrane on the inside so I
guess that's their own brand of the you
know everybody has a different one new
new buck and textile that's what makes
me wonder if it's actually going to be
waterproof because you know it's this
here I don't doubt is probably going to
be waterproof at least initially but
this here I don't know it's got a lot of
fabric so I'm taking these out on trail
tomorrow so just wanted to give a quick
look before I got them completely
disgusting
it says the collar length is five and a
quarter centimeters or six inches tall
so it cups goes up over my ankle and
that was a look what as
for was ankle support so I don't know
what else to say at this point they
they're very comfortable trying them on
the store walking around with them but
you know we'll get out on the trail and
well we'll see what they're like there
because that's what you buy trail boots
for if we just walking around stores I'd
be fine but I hope I hope these became
highly recommended by a friend of mine
Jim and sorry recommend the Keens
and another fellow youtuber chicken wing
chicken wing hammocks he swears by these
so we'll see I'll give you a post first
height with these and we'll see what
what the story is all right well thanks
for watching and we'll see on the trail
you